this video app review is brought to you
by the iphone app review com hey guys
this is Valerie Lauer with a video app
review world the iphone app review com
yeah I'm here with the video app review
of apple pie this week called merely
onwards this is an application to help
you acquire a language be that language
list to your Korean Japanese Chinese
French or Spanish this application to be
different for a couple of reasons one
because it's entirely free as you can
see they up there the top it is
ad-supported now just because it's free
doesn't mean there isn't a huge wealth
of information here they have all these
different categories of information and
word lists and not only do you see word
lists you actually get pretty darn
specific and really great representation
of all these languages whenever you pick
a section here's how it's going to be on
the iPad this is a universal app as well
so it will look beautiful on the iphone
I like the iPad a little bit better
because there is an option to actually
write out the word and with the extra
space and it's a little bit easier in my
opinion because of course I'm reached
the alphanumeric system instead so when
you cut open up a section here's on the
on the side you'll see all the different
words you'll be able to access you can
touch any of those pictures to bring up
the entry I'm gonna press the home
button go back to the homepage where has
all the sections anytime you can press
this button to hear what the word is in
English you would press this button to
hear what it is in Koreans as we're on
Korean right now now down here at the
bottom it's actually really cool to have
a picture which is great it was a good
visual representation which is so
important we've heard over and over
again for learning a language we have
our petition we have audio reinforcement
and these languages that aren't written
the same way that English is in the
alphanumeric there's actually a
pronunciation there below as well now
here at the bottom you can actually
choose any color you'd like and you can
use your hand to actually write these
words now not only are you building some
connection with the way that it would
actually appear you're practicing
writing
language of what is really cool now here
at the bottom you can actually have a
display not only the other language the
second language you can have it display
that in English as well which you can
also trace if you're so desire I don't
have a just show you the English so this
can actually work in reverse if you're
trying to learn English it has that
opportunity as well we're going you can
just see that now since my handwriting
isn't the best to begin with if you make
a mistake you can actually do undo your
motions or you can redo them which is
kind of cool and you can change this the
case this is shown in with a capital
letter or all caps in English it doesn't
really affect the other language in this
case when you do that but again all
these colors being very cool so you can
actually you know do whatever you want
get interesting there so really that's a
very cool cool feature unless I
mentioned just tons of different areas
animal bathroom color country flags food
fruit furniture household items kitchen
marine life numbers station and
transport and vegetables and I how you
want change which language you're
looking at you can go from to read
Japanese just that simply and the same
thing applies see very very cool so all
those reasons really do love this
application you're the free the content
etc a couple things we really was kind
of wishing for in the application you
know the ads aren't that big of a deal
Iran the one page they're very minimal
they're not annoying that doesn't make
it an ideal app for kids though so if
you have kids you may not want this to
be the app you get them doubt them learn
unless you understand them Chen not to
click on that where you have it an
airport airplane mode or something like
that however i would really wish there
was a conversational section we're
having you common phrases as opposed to
just these random words sure you can
maybe piece together the fact that when
you say you know there isn't even a yeah
umbrella where is the umbrella you're
not going to be able to you're not going
able to say that to someone you're
actually going to be able to say
umbrella so there's definitely a
conversational factor missing from the
app that would give it a little bit
something extra
something as well that i was thinking of
is that the application doesn't have the
alphabet written out if there's a
section where you could actually see
what those let it with these symbols all
stand for and what they represent that
would be an easy way to to kind of drive
all those lessons home so I I really
kind of found myself wishing for that we
got a conversational factor and a right
out of the outfits these did various
different languages that we're not
familiar with obviously when you go to
Spanish or French that gets a little bit
easier because it's all alphanumeric but
then some things happen to sometimes
that you know this is dark blue yeah so
what's the rhythm here is now what they
actually said out loud either so there's
a couple glitches like that just to give
very few with your tongue of these
different words earlier to almost all of
them are spot-on but a couple of them
are weird or they don't what you hear
isn't what's written exactly so a little
bit clarity needed there otherwise
awesome application just a few tweaks
would be totally all over the Sabbath up
within four and a half but right now
here at the iphone app review com we're
going to give this up a 4 out of 5 stars
awesome price really easy to navigate
great quality of words love this you can
hear the words and i love the tracing
functionality and that's universal so
these are all good things pulling for it
just if you tweet we could definitely
pull up a little bit in the score
section so just some suggestions so you
have the iphone app review com this has
been Valerie Lauer with a video app
review of merely onwards until next time